Let's say that we add a new region here toward data.
So we've got currently Americas,
Australia and Europe.
And let's say on our data we add a new row with Africa,
for example.
So I'm gonna expand here,
my table.
I'm gonna click here and drag on the small rectangle on the bottom right corner and then
I'm gonna release and then I'm gonna select the whole row,
impressed control and D on my keyboard here in order to copy or duplicate the role just
above it.
And here I'm just going to change the region to be Africa instead of Europe and press enter
and let's go back to a pivot table.
Now let's update a pivot table,
right,
click and refresh.
As you can see her,
we've got Africa.
However,
Africa is not obeying the normal sorting of the regions,
which is alphabetically from eight dizzy or in an ascending order.
So to do that,
I'm just going to right click here,
sort and sort eight easy to put Africa in the normal ascending alphabetical order.
So this is how you can make a newly added item part of the normal sorting on a pivot table